You’re that “Nothing” when people ask me what I’m thinking about.
You look great today.
You’re a smart cookie.
I bet you make babies smile.
You have impeccable manners.
I like your style.
You have the best laugh.
I appreciate you.
You are the most perfect you there is.
Our system of inside jokes is so advanced that only you and I get it. And I like that.
You’re strong.
Your perspective is refreshing.
You’re an awesome friend.
You light up the room.
You deserve a hug right now.
You should be proud of yourself.
You’re more helpful than you realize.
You have a great sense of humor.
You’ve got all the right moves!
Is that your picture next to “charming” in the dictionary?
Your kindness is a balm to all who encounter it.
You’re all that and a super-size bag of chips.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you’re an 11.
You are brave.
You’re even more beautiful on the inside than you are on the outside.
You have the courage of your convictions.
Aside from food. You’re my favorite.
If cartoon bluebirds were real, a bunch of them would be sitting on your shoulders singing right now.
You are making a difference.
You’re like sunshine on a rainy day.
You bring out the best in other people.
Your ability to recall random factoids at just the right time is impressive.
You’re a great listener.
How is it that you always look great, even in sweatpants?
Everything would be better if more people were like you!
I bet you sweat glitter.
You were cool way before hipsters were cool.
That color is perfect on you.
Hanging out with you is always a blast.
You always know, and say, exactly what I need to hear when I need to hear it.
You smell really good.
You may dance like no one’s watching, but everyone’s watching because you’re an amazing dancer!
Being around you makes everything better!
When you say, “I meant to do that,” I totally believe you.
When you’re not afraid to be yourself is when you’re most incredible.
Colors seem brighter when you’re around.
You’re more fun than a ball pit filled with candy. (And seriously, what could be more fun than that?)
That thing you don’t like about yourself is what makes you so interesting.
You’re wonderful.
Everyday is just BLAH when I don’t see you For reals! (awesome – you are halfway through the list. You’re awesome!)
Jokes are funnier when you tell them.
You’re better than a triple-scoop ice cream cone. With sprinkles.
Your bellybutton is kind of adorable.
Your hair looks stunning.
You’re one of a kind!
You’re inspiring.
If you were a box of crayons, you’d be the giant name-brand one with the built-in sharpener.
You should be thanked more often. So thank you!!
Our community is better because you’re in it.
Someone is getting through something hard right now because you’ve got their back.
You have the best ideas.
You always know how to find that silver lining.
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes, but you always get back up and keep going.
You’re a candle in the darkness.
You’re a great example to others.
Being around you is like being on a happy little vacation.
You always know just what to say.
You’re always learning new things and trying to better yourself, which is awesome.
If someone based an Internet meme on you, it would have impeccable grammar.
You could survive a Zombie apocalypse.
You’re more fun than bubble wrap.
When you make a mistake, you fix it.
Who raised you? They deserve a medal for a job well done.
You’re great at figuring stuff out.
Your voice is magnificent.
The people you love are lucky to have you in their lives.
You’re like a breath of fresh air.
You’re gorgeous — and that’s the least interesting thing about you, too.
You’re so thoughtful.
Your creative potential seems limitless.
You’re the coolest person I know. And I consider myself bet friends with like all celebrities, so. . . .
You’re irresistible when you blush.
Actions speak louder than words, and yours tell an incredible story.
Somehow you make time stop and fly at the same time.
When you make up your mind about something, nothing stands in your way.
You seem to really know who you are.
Any team would be lucky to have you on it.
In high school I bet you were voted “most likely to keep being awesome.”
I bet you do the crossword puzzle in ink.
Babies and small animals probably love you.
If you were a scented candle they’d call it Perfectly Imperfect (and it would smell like summer).
There’s ordinary, and then there’s you.
You’re someone’s reason to smile.
You’re even better than a unicorn, because you’re real.
How do you keep being so funny and making everyone laugh?
You have a good head on your shoulders.
Has anyone ever told you that you have great posture?
The way you treasure your loved ones is incredible.
You’re really something special.
You’re a gift to those around you.
You should be so proud of yourself.
You’re amazing!
You’re a true gift to the people in your life.
You’re an incredible friend.
I really appreciate everything that you do.
You inspire me to be a better person.
Your passion always motivates me.
Your smile makes me smile.
Thank you for being such a great person.
The way you carry yourself is truly admirable.
You are such a good listener.
You have a remarkable sense of humor.
Thanks for being you!
You set a great example for everyone around you.
I love your perspective on life.
Being around you makes everything better.
You always know the right thing to say.
The world would be a better place if more people were like you!
You are one of a kind.
You make me want to be the best version of myself.
You always have the best ideas.
I’m so lucky to have you in my life.
Your capacity for generosity knows no bounds.
I wish I were more like you.
You are so strong.
I’ve never met someone as kind as you are.
You have such a great heart.
Simply knowing you has made me a better person.
You are beautiful inside and out.
You are so special to everyone you know.
Your mere presence is reassuring to me.
Your heart must be 10 times the average size.
You are my favorite person to talk to.
You’ve accomplished so many incredible things.
I appreciate your friendship more than you can know.
I love how you never compromise on being yourself.
I tell other friends how wonderful you are.
You helped me realize my own worth.
Your point of view is so refreshing.
You always make me feel welcome.
You deserve everything you’ve achieved.
I am so proud of your progress.
I’m lucky just to know you.
You are so down to earth.
You know just how to make my day!
You spark so much joy in my life.
Your potential is limitless.
You have a good head on your shoulders.
You are making a real difference in the world.
You’re so unique.
You are wise beyond your years.
You’re worthy of all the good things that come to you.
Your parents must be so proud.
How did you learn to be so great? 
Never stop being you!
No one makes me laugh harder than you do.
You inspire me in so many different ways.
You continue to impress me.
You make the small things count.
You’re a constant reminder that people can be good.
I admire the way that you challenge me.
You make me see things in an entirely new way.
Thanks for always being there for me.
You are a ray of sunshine.
You have the courage of your convictions.
On a scale of one to ten, you’re an eleven.
You’re incredibly thoughtful.
You have the best ideas.
You’re the most perfect ‘you’ there is.
You are the epitome of a good person.
You always know how to find the silver lining.
You’re the person that everyone wants on their team.
I always learn so much when I’m around you.
Is there anything you can’t do!?